outlook temperature humidity windy playtennis Classification
sunny hot high false n hot
sunny hot high true n hot
overcast hot high false p hot
overcast hot high false n hot
rain mild high false p mild
overcast hot normal false p hot
rain cool normal true n cool
sunny mild high false n mild
overcast cool normal true n cool
sunny mild high false n mild
sunny cool normal false p cool
rain mild normal false p mild
sunny mild normal true p mild
overcast mild high true p mild
overcast hot normal false p hot
sunny mild high false n mild
overcast cool normal true n cool
sunny mild high false n mild
sunny cool normal false p cool
rain mild normal false p mild
sunny mild normal true p mild
overcast mild high true p mild
overcast hot normal false p hot
rain cool normal true p cool
overcast cool normal true p cool
sunny mild high false n mild
overcast cool normal true n cool
sunny mild high false n mild
sunny cool normal false p cool
rain mild normal false p mild
sunny mild normal true p mild
overcast mild high true p mild
overcast hot normal false p hot
sunny mild high false n mild
overcast cool normal true n cool
sunny mild high false n mild
sunny cool normal false p cool
rain mild normal false p mild
sunny mild normal true p mild
overcast mild high true p mild
overcast hot normal false p hot
sunny mild high false n mild
overcast cool normal true n cool
sunny mild high false n mild
sunny cool normal false p cool
rain mild normal false p mild
sunny mild normal true p mild
overcast mild high true p mild
overcast hot normal false p hot
Accuracy: 49/50
